listen how
we can explain i hope so see the third
season of on my blog premiered this past
march and it's it's been a show that
i've personally really been enjoying
we previously covered the last two
seasons in these two videos right here
but
they straight up bamboozled us with that
new ending then netflix decided to go on
a spree
cancelling more shows and walmart did
ps5 orders and decided to blue ball the
fans by dragging out the fate of season
four
the last two seasons ended in
cliffhangers which in my opinion the
show runners
did a great job following them up with
good story lines and not making them
feel like gimmicks but
this one was less of a cliffhanger and
more a sparta kick off the mountain
this season pretty much revolved around
cuchillos the santos leader who's been
looking for her ex-love little ricky
along with the roller world money
now she has the crew doing her bidding
it may have not been my favorite season
but i still think it's a solid entry to
these characters stories who i'm still
hoping have a good finale so if you
haven't got it but you're curious check
it out on netflix shout out to our
sponsor for keeping us afloat
and a big spoiler warning as i break
down the season
starting with the best characters let me
explain
[Music]
now i know this season showcased a lot
of daddy issues you know the diaz boys
had their father come back into the
picture
montz's dad cried in her arms ruby had a
bunk with his
but leave it to jamal to be the only one
fired by his own pops the hardest part
about a job
is getting it and that's a lesson that
you need to learn
honestly though he was easily the best
character this season homie's really
been the one to keep the crew together
through all the ups and downs
it's his journey from season one with
roller world that's still going strong
all these years later and the more
seasons pass
the more he's growing up you know he's
not as cartoonish and childish and he's
more determined you know even the
clapbacks keep getting better with him
cause that [ __ ] be bonkers and it took
three seasons but
hey my man my man finally getting some
sexy time if an admirer wants to get
your attention on social media what
should she say in your dms
it's not what she should say is what she
should send
jamal ends up hooking up with a girl who
has worse social skills than a
homeschooler but
has more things on her schedule than the
rock girl doesn't even have netflix so
she streams sex education on him
it's not you it's my purpose but
you know my man's got to be a leader so
no time for distractions between jamal
and jasmine i do think they would make
good co-captains if they weren't
bickering all the time but
i look i got a side with jamal since he
is the one who started this one of the
big leads that he has this season
is going to the series version of arc
music factory but
instead of rebecca black it's this sarah
lynn jr over here
red bull gives you wings just kidding
it's the coke do you have any adderall
goddamn
jojo's no mamas if you want to stop
being mistaken for the help
stop acting like the help i really think
the season helped jamal come into his
own and he's realizing how much value he
actually brings to the group and how he
can lead
and that's exactly why his ending made
me furious you know it's not because
it's impossible for him to end up on the
team
my man's been more animated than the
energizer bunnies i can see him being
like a running back going and going and
going down the field but
we know that's not what he wanted to be
that's his dad's dream
what are you doing i'm getting into
character
so to see one of the most honest
characters have to play pretend
buffoonery give my man an aolita their
spin off
[Music]
the best thing about season three is how
well they fleshed out oscar's character
because
this man has depth i'm a little curious
as to if we're catholic
or spiritual or anything like that
because
we got the homeboy jesus up here right
but then we got a dream catcher
it's like pick up your mind dude
i think julio macias has done a great
job with the role showcasing a lot of
emotion through a character who's
usually delegated as the stiff cholo in
the back you know but he gets to hit a
lot of these beats
there's the struggle he's facing within
his community and trying to bridge the
ways of the old with these
new whipper snappers we're trying to
take over he wants to make sure that
they're still order
meanwhile they're all just disrespecting
him we've seen him be a guide and a
protector
he's been on top they've had him
literally caged and through all that
he's still able to find moments where he
can flip the tension and have some great
comedic bits
i don't want to get a ghost your name is
spooky and you're afraid of
ghosts and things also get deep you know
the worst part about growing up
without a father has having to be a
father to a brother without ever being
a son i honestly wouldn't mind seeing a
flashback episode just learning more
about oscar's past you know
telling more about how he got to where
he is flesh out his character so we know
more of his
own needs and desires because it's after
those troubles with his father that
ruined his childhood that then became
the troubles with his father that
threatened to ruin his brother's
childhood that he finally gets to start
anew
with the literal best and only good
ending we saw in that finale
this is the content i like to see
considering he gets sick in real life
i think he's gonna be great
in the last season we talked about how
jasmine was more fleshed out and that's
thanks to jessica who plays her who
made sure that she was a well-rounded
character who they were building up and
i think she'd become an integral part of
the group
she has connections and you know she she
ends up being in a lot of pivotal
moments
like everybody knows a jasmine and if
you don't know a jasmine you're the
jasmine
that said out of season three is hurting
ruby's mind he starts to fall for
jasmine but she puts him in his place
because there's no time for crushes to
be crutches
plus ruby has a lot more things on his
plate this season he realizes that his
parents are going through
a rough patch due to the finances that
they're struggling with and he feels the
guilt because he knows the medical bills
are no joke and
you know they kind of came from him so
in order to help pay it off before
season 10
he opens up an illegal chicken shop by
the pool side and these fools were
really serving up rocks and pebbles to
align longer than popeyes
and yet it's still not worse than what
jamal's eaten in the past come on give
me a slim jim
you're trying to take my protein bruh i
think you already did
by the finale we do see jasmine and ruby
together walking the grounds of the
school looking like
taylor and bruno mars at the grammys but
i just hope they're not using each other
as a crutch you know
especially with that low look that they
give jasmine has the ability to use her
genius for good especially with the
positions of power she's working up to
and i can see her being one of if not
the biggest positive influence in free
ridge
and i i think ruby needs to become a
party planner is it going to take a
while and we're never going to make it
out of free rich and even if we do get
out we'll probably end up offing
ourselves
like monsei's mom yeah but i think it
would showcase him recovering from the
events in season one and it would help
his family a lot more than
making crappy patties they were flipping
[Music]
i'm encrypting via vpn to hide our
search
virtual private network i know
now you don't have to be getting chased
by cuchillos in order to invest in a vpn
because like jamal and jasmine would
advocate
you can never have too much protection
especially now as more people are
indoors and spending an exuberant amount
of time online
having one can really help you navigate
the internet and let you travel
digitally that's one of the big things
that it's helped me with through
uh all these restrictions that are being
imposed you realize quickly that the
world wide web isn't that worldwide i
thought spongebob lived under the sea
but
they have a squarepants streaming
everywhere on netflix internationally
but not in the states where he was
sketched and we don't even have a date
for when that's going to get released
over here
on top of that geoblocking affects more
than streaming since a lot of online
stores dictate their prices depending on
location and your search history
you know they bombard you with all those
ads after collecting information you may
not even be privy to so vpn can help
with scoring better deals especially as
people start getting ready for the
holiday season
it's on mobile it can be used on
multiple devices and there's a 30 day
money back guarantee
so if you're interested head on over to
surfshark dot deal
let me explain and enter the promo code
let me explain to get 83
off plus a whole three months for free
so a big thank you to sur shark for
sponsoring this video
and having our back unlike
now monsa had a really rough season and
yes it's a latino show i say monster not
mom's like throughout she's still
dealing with the fallout with her mom
and at one point even wishes she was
dead and then
she actually is and it sucks because
you know in the back of her mind all
she's replaying or the final words she
said to her
but remember her mom in the last season
pulled a jessie she even kicked out
monster to the curb because she didn't
know how
genetics work so i can't really fault
her for the emotion she's feeling on her
mom when
her mom was willing to leave and change
her name to whitman but that eventual
breakdown does lead to a great
conversation with ruby who
in season two was going through his own
trauma and now she fears that she's
becoming too numb to the pain
you know has that worried that she's
going to be even more emotionless
you're questioning if you're not feeling
he's just still feeling something now
take all that drama from there
and see that she's still dealing with
this boy over here they spent a lot of
the season sexing her up like
at one point they dress her up like
she's gonna be in a charlie's angels
movie
and it's all to impress this guy over
here and the whole time she's struggling
between trying to remain in the friend
zone with caesar while at the same time
getting friends owned by caesar it's one
of those cases where as cute as they are
together
and they've obviously become the
on-screen couple that we've been seeing
throughout the seasons
they're both growing just in opposite
directions it also doesn't help that she
gets really grouchy that oscar's always
around
and so she's around him look
i don't know what this was but yo sho
don't ever pull this foolishness ever
again for a plot line
ever oh my god what
you're pulling a monster yo no offense
but i'm offended
as we're ending i think it's been clear
time and time again that monster doesn't
want to leave her friends but
she definitely wants to be in a new
environment and i don't think that's a
bad thing
people shouldn't be shamed for venturing
out to better themselves but
they definitely shouldn't forget where
they came from i mean she's she's
leaving her friends to like dust in the
back
buffoonery but in season two they called
her out for never leaving so i guess
i i have to respect the commitment
finally but
how are you gonna have a picture of
cooper in front of your friends like
this man now i do think the show has
done a great job at getting into the
mindset of its characters and the
circumstances they find themselves in
you know the sacrifices they have to
make in order to overcome and learning
the cost of making certain decisions
and they do all that with spooky but
little caesar's gotta cut it i'm usually
rolling my eyes with most of the
decisions this boy does but
in this season he tries to reconnect
with his dad who he knows very little of
since he was too young when he first
dipped on him
but then he gets hit with a big slice of
life you know his dad takes jamal's job
they don't realize
that that's also going to come in with
that hood tax has expanded on and david
ayer's 2020 feature and all that
pressure gets to him because he doesn't
know who to side with and he doesn't
know which family he wants to lean on
they realize that cuchills has turned on
them and has screwed their family over
continues to screw their family over and
they realize that they have to cut
guccio before she knives dumb
and lil spooky literally i kid you not
has his king of the north moments over
here
just get out there and find him we got
you little spooky
[Music]
there is that big heaviness that weighs
the season of are they going to commit
this atrocious act because once you do
it you can't really go back and
we've seen multiple times where a little
spooky over here has found himself in
that scenario and
it doesn't go through but luckily enough
it wraps up pretty well since they find
cuchill's body in the woods which the
19th street guys even burn and bury
but the deeper he continues to get into
this world the more he distances himself
from his friends
you don't even get it just being your
friend
is a liability by ruby said there is no
hierarchy on their friendship
and so everyone seems to end up on their
own with little spooky running things
looking like lil krillin
thinking that he finally found a spot
and the reason i don't like it
it's because you're not supposed to you
know it's like being mad you weren't
smiling and sophie's choice
the point was to bamboozle uh well those
are actually a seasonal drink
well taste this season now i want to
talk about some theories and
really just talk about how well the
show's been doing you know i don't know
why it's taken them so long to
officially renew the show on the
previous videos that we've made every
time we released a video like they would
renew that bad boy days
maybe even weeks later so i don't know
if i needed to make this video for it to
finally get greenlit but
this is a show where the showrunners
have signed multi-year deals so
hopefully they continue this it topped
the list in march for movies that are
even in the top 30 and it did better
than those so i think that they're
getting down to a matter of figuring out
how to pay all the actors their money
i really hope they're able to balance it
out so that they can give them a full 10
episodes and not cut back like they did
with this last season
only being eight and i'm not saying that
it has to be a perfect finale be it the
fourth or fifth or however long they go
i just don't want them to bamboozle us
like they did with this you know i want
the characters to be able to at least
find
some growth to be able to at least be in
a finale or in a place where they want
to find themselves in
season three did have a time jump of two
years so it is going to be interesting
to see how they tell the story
you know we've been learning new things
about characters who have been
undercover
we've seen some good back and forth
happen and i can see future episodes
kind of like
jumping timelines as flashbacks or you
know stories to fill in that gap
hell maybe even powerpoint presentations
by jasmine but there's three things that
i'm looking forward to the most
one i'm hoping that they're still all
together and they're just pretending to
be separated because of the cuccio
situation
and they can't all be together two i
hope that past storylines find a way to
come back
and we're able to learn more about other
characters or even see other characters
again
do you think the prophets will ever
return
but three and obviously the biggest
thing that i know is on everybody's mind
it's learning the truth about what
abuelita is hiding because i know she's
hiding more than she says
when are you looking at dicks
i'm just kidding i don't do that at the
dinner table
thank you guys for checking out this
video and i'm curious to know your
thoughts down below in the comment
section
big shout out to surf shark again for
sponsoring and i'm just curious to see
your guys theories on where you think
it's gonna head you know
there is the possibility that they're
gonna have to switch things up for
corona you know uh netflix did have that
show grand army and they just added like
a little
cough effect in the back they added it
to a podcast and i know that's gonna
kind of gear where their weather season
goes
um but it's bigger over here you know
because they kind of skipped a couple of
years so
there should be a year where corona
would have happened and i mean we're in
the midst of it so they don't even know
how long it would last so i'm curious to
see how they're going to
interweave that in you know because they
know that was coming uh there's also the
idea that they're gonna have some big
stars
i know cardi b has been saying that
she's been wanting to be in a season so
they could have that they've been having
some great music and
a bunch of spots so i hope that they're
able to build it up a little bit more
but i'm curious to know your thoughts on
your theories and
anything else that stood out to you in
this uh in this last season you know it
wasn't
wasn't the best one they did they did
definitely punches in the gut with that
finale and
even more so the fact that it's been
dragged out but i'm hoping that they do
green lit it and and
we'll be able to get other episodes even
if it's just like a filler episode in
between until
things are able to get back up and
running but i'm curious to know your
thoughts let me know your favorite
character down below in the comments
section
until next time don't forget to comment
like and subscribe and i'll send you a
duane's chicken sandwich